Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. For the crust: Melt the butter, covered in the microwave, in a medium microwave-safe bowl, or a saucepan. Brush a 9-inch springform pan with some of the butter. Stir the remaining butter together with the crumbs, sugar, and salt. Press the crumb mixture over the bottom of the pan, taking care to get the crust evenly into the edges. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool. Wrap the bottom and up the sides of the pan with foil and put in a roasting pan. For the filling: Beat the cream cheese on medium speed with a hand-held mixer until smooth. Add the granulated sugar and beat just until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed. Slowly beat in the sour cream, then eggs, vanilla and both citrus zests; take care not to over whip. Pour into the cooled crust. Bring a medium saucepan or kettle of water to a boil. Gently place the roasting pan in the oven (don't pull the rack out of the oven). Pour in enough hot water to come about halfway up the side of the springform pan. Bake the cheesecake for about 1 hour and 10 minutes---the outside of the cake will set but the center will still be loose. For the topping: Stir together the sour cream, confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Spread over the top of the cooked cheesecake and return to the oven for 5 minutes. Turn the oven off, cook the cheesecake in the residual heat in the oven for about 1 hour. This gentle finish minimizes the risk of the dreaded crack in your cheesecake. Remove cheesecake from the roasting pan to a rack. Run a knife around the edges and cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Bring cheesecake to room temperature 30 minutes before serving. Remove the springform ring. Dip a knife in warm water, wipe dry before slicing each piece. Serve with berries, if desired./item/Up to two days ahead, make the salt mix by grinding the salt with the thyme leaves and pepper in a spice grinder or using a pestle and mortar. Sit the turkey in a roasting tin and gently push your fingers under the skin, starting from the neck, until you can push your whole hand in down the length of the breast. Take care not to tear the skin. Season the bird all over with the salt mix, inside and out and under the skin. Leave the turkey in the tin, breast-side up, and put in the fridge for up to two days – the longer you salt it, the more succulent the turkey will be. For the crispest skin, leave the turkey uncovered so it dries out, but loosely cover it if you prefer. Tip the butter, vegetable stock powder and lemon zest into a small bowl and mix until completely combined. Cover and chill. Can be made a few days ahead or frozen, wrapped in cling film, for one month. Remove the turkey from the fridge an hour or so before you want to cook it. Remove the butter from the fridge to soften. Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Work out your cooking time based on 40 mins per kg for the first 4kg, plus 45 mins for every kg after that. Use your hands to spread the butter under the skin so that it covers the entire breast area and work it into the crevice between the thigh and the main body, then smooth the skin over with your hands. Put the onion, lemon halves, and garlic in the cavity. Cover the tin loosely with foil and roast for the calculated cooking time. Around 30 mins before the end of cooking, increase the oven temperature to 200C/180C fan/gas 6, remove the foil, baste the turkey and return to the oven. When the turkey is beautifully brown and cooked through, remove from the oven and leave to rest on a warm platter covered with foil for up to 1 hr. Save the juices from the tin to make gravy./item/Ingredients:



egg – 1;

wheat flour – 320 g;

water – 250 ml;

salt – a pinch.

How to cook:



Put one cup of flour into the deep bowl. Add salt.



Warm up water till 30-35 degrees and add it to the bowl. Beat up one egg. Mix all ingredients thoroughly.



Add the second cup of flour and place the mixture on surface covered with flour. Knead the dough with your hands. If it is sticking add some flour.



Continue kneading the dough until it becomes elastic.



Cover kneaded vareniki dough with a bowl or damp cloth and leave it for the “rest” for 40 minutes.



When the dough is ready, roll it out and using the special round shape or a cup cut out circles. Then place the filling in the center of each circle and tight up the edges. Put vareniki to the boiling water and boil for several minutes.



How to choose varenyky fillings

Blueberry-Vareniki-1-26There is a great variety of varenyky fillings for any taste in Ukraine. They can be sweet or salty, spicy or sour, piquant or unleavened. The most popular fillings are:



meat;

potatoes;

cottage cheese;

cherries;

Meat filling



If you are searching for Ukrainian meat varenyky recipe you can use the dough recipe described below. To cook the meat filling you need such ingredients:



chicken meat – 500 g;

onion – 1;

vegetable oil – 1 tbsp.;

salt, pepper.

Boil chicken fillet or chicken quarter. If there are bones, take them away. Chop boiled meat with a knife or using meat grinder and add salt with pepper. Chop onion, fry it with vegetable oil, and then add to minced chicken meat.



Potato vareniki filling

potato – 5-6;

onion – 3;

butter – 100 g;

vegetable oil – 2 tbsp.;

salt, pepper.

Boil potatoes for 20 minutes and then mash them. Chop onion and fry it finely on the hot pan with vegetable oil. Add fried onion, butter, salt and pepper to the mashed potatoes. Mix all ingredients.



Cottage cheese vareniki recipe depends on what dish you want to cook, a hot dish or a dessert.



There are two variants of cottage cheese varenyky fillings, sweet and salty.



Ingredients:

cottage cheese – 400 g;

sugar – 2 tbsp.;

egg – 1;

butter – 50 g;

salt – a pinch.

Mix cottage cheese with one egg, add sugar with salt. Melt butter and add to cheese mixture.



Salty cottage cheese filling

cottage cheese – 400 g;

salt – 1 tsp.;

dill – a bunch.

Mash cottage cheese with salt. Chop dill and add to cheese mixture.



Ukrainian blueberry varenyky recipe is similar to recipe for cherry vareniki, as well as other berry filling recipes. The cooking technology is the same, so these two recipes can be unified.



Cherry (blueberry) vareniki filling

Ingredients:



cherry (blueberry) – 500 g;

sugar – 150 g;

starch – 1 tbsp.

Remove kernels from berries (if there are any). Add sugar and starch, mix ingredients. Put two or three berries per one dumpling./item/Sprinkle each tortilla all over with with 1 cup cheese each, making sure to cover the edges. Place in the microwave to melt the cheese, 30 seconds on high or until fully melted.
When cheese is melted, roll into cone shape. Place a rolled up piece of parchment paper in tortilla and allow to cool, 10-15 minutes.
Meanwhile, make taco meat: In a medium skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add onion and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add ground beef and taco seasoning, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper, and cook until the beef is no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Drain fat and set aside.
Fill cones with taco meat, tomatoes, lettuce, and more cheese if desired. Drizzle with sour cream, garnish with cilantro, and serve./item/Soak rice for 4 hours. Drain rice and cook in a rice cooker with 2 cups of water. Rice must be slightly dry as vinegar will be added later.
Immediately after rice is cooked, mix in 6 tablespoons rice vinegar to the hot rice. Spread rice on a plate until completely cool.
Place 1 sheet of seaweed on bamboo mat, press a thin layer of cool rice on the seaweed. Leave at least 1/2 inch top and bottom edge of the seaweed uncovered. This is for easier sealing later. Dot some wasabi on the rice. Arrange cucumber, avocado and smoked salmon to the rice. Position them about 1 inch away from the bottom edge of the seaweed.
Slightly wet the top edge of the seaweed. Roll from bottom to the top edge with the help of the bamboo mat tightly. Cut roll into 8 equal pieces and serve. Repeat for other rolls./item/Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook noodles, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes or according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Meanwhile, whisk miso, mirin, vinegar, canola oil, ginger and garlic in a medium bowl. Add scallops and stir gently to coat. Let marinate for 5 minutes (scallops will begin to break down if marinated longer). Using a slotted spoon, remove the scallops, reserving the marinade for the sauce. Heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the scallops and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Add the reserved marinade to the pan and cook over medium-high heat until brown, about 1 minute. Pour the sauce over the noodles, add scallions and toss to coat. Top with scallops and serve immediately.
Ingredient Notes: Miso: Fermented bean paste made from barley, rice or soybeans used in Japanese cooking to add flavor to dishes such as soups, sauces and salad dressings. A little goes a long way because of its concentrated, salty taste. Miso is available in different colors, depending on the type of grain or bean and how long it's been fermented. In general, the lighter the color, the more mild the flavor. It will keep, in the refrigerator, for more than a year.
Mirin: A low-alcohol rice wine essential to Japanese cooking. Look for it in the Asian or gourmet-ingredients section of your supermarket. An equal portion of sherry or white wine with a pinch of sugar may be substituted for mirin.
We prefer cooking with “dry” sea scallops (scallops that have not been treated with sodium tripolyphosphate, or STP). Scallops that have been treated with STP (“wet” scallops) have been subjected to a chemical bath and are not only mushy and less flavorful, but will not brown properly./item/Ingredients
3 cups nonfat or 1% milk
3 cups fruit, sliced
Directions
Combine milk and fruit in a blender and put lid on tightly.
Blend until smooth. Serve immediately.
Refrigerate leftovers within 2 hours.
Notes
Use fresh, frozen, or canned fruit.
Fresh fruit ideas: banana, mango, papaya or strawberry./item/METHOD Mix the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and add the egg and 1 cup of the water. Stir the egg and water into the flour with a fork. Add more water as needed to form a soft dough. Remove the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and supple, about 5 to 6 minutes. Cover and set aside for at least 20 minutes to rest. In another bowl, mix together the ingredients for the filling. Cook a small portion in a greased skillet to taste seasoning and adjust as necessary. Cut the rested dough into 2 portions. Roll out one portion of the dough to about 1/4-inch thick. Cut out 3-inch rounds of the dough using a cookie cutter or large glass. Roll each round out into a 5- or 6-inch round. Sprinkle each round with a little flour and set aside as you finish with the rest. Place about 1/4 cup of filling in the center of a round of dough. Working around the dumpling, bring an edge of the dough up over the filling, making pleats in the dough and bringing the edges together over the top of the filling. Pinch the top of the dumpling together to seal it and form a knob. Repeat with the remaining dough rounds and filling. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the dumplings to the water and cook at a low boil for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the dumplings to a serving dish with a slotted spoon. Season generously with cracked black pepper and serve hot. How to Eat Khinkali: Grab the top knob of a dumpling and bring it to your mouth. Take the first bite carefully. If the dumpling has been sealed properly, delicious, brothy juice will gush out. Eat the remainder of the dumpling except for the top knob. The knob is never eaten by Georgians. Instead, line them up on your plate to keep a tally of your appetite. KHINKALI VARIATIONS Meat Fillings: Beef and pork filling is most common in the lowlands and cities, whereas lamb is more common in the mountains. You can also try using ground chicken or turkey. Cheese Khinkali: There are two local cheeses commonly used in cheese khinkali. Sulguni is a fresh cheese similar to mozzarella. Chanakh is a more pungent, brined cheese and can be replaced with feta. Grate or crumble about 2 pounds of the cheese of your choice and mash it together with about 4 tablespoons of softened butter and some chopped herbs to form a filling.